Hi there, Game Pilot
This show is angry games and at the microphone again
I
call me as always shock and as
I usually review mobile games
devices went but here with a single frame
you can understand what game is today
speech
yes yes this is the sensational andy masterpiece 2010
years limbo I understand that only the most
lazy reviewer has not yet done a review on
limbo
and until recently I was this
the most lazy reviewer but now limbo
came out and apples so my holy
duty to talk a little about him of course
like most viewers I am limbo
long ago passed and passed more than once and
not even two by the way passed on
comp of course but now that arsenal on
how can you play limbo expanded
what is not a reason to rebuild well, since I
still need to say something then let's
pretend you nothing about this game
I did not hear you play it for the first time
the plot as such it is not here if not
bump in the search for deep meaning
most likely the authors had in mind
purgatory that the Olympus itself that was
first described by dante in his divine
comedy that is the place where the soul gets
those who had no place not in heaven not in
hell such a hopelessness is that
the end of the game is its beginning quite
confirms this version okay plot
this is not what this game can hook and
yet it catches you think of a kapets like
much so what 's the point well of course
style and atmosphere of both in
limbo in excess everything is done in
black and white beautifully traced
both foreground and backdrop with
that many items and characters are so and
remain for the player with black silhouettes
and our imagination is where
turn around you can imagine a bunch
kids and you can and the junction and arrows
the corpses of whom already as much like it all
dark atmosphere of loneliness and
hopelessness which is saturated with ours
purgatory is maintained awesome
suitable for all this sound action
making a good sound in the game is a little
whether not 50 percent of its atmosphere and here
the sound of your fifty dollars worked for a lesson
surely any atmosphere would roll
in complete shit if the gameplay were
clumsy uninteresting and tedious but here and
this is no gameplay in big
degree tied to solving rebuses and
puzzles
very often tied to physics or
reaction speed solution set
tasks are often non-trivial
so you have to die often
and and very diverse and colorful
ways because of their non-standard
problems are often solved there by sampling
and mistakes
and in our case the method of deaths and
Resurrections regarding the port
manageable done here as well
ok like everything else when i
I started the game I had a fear that
realizes it anyhow it will spoil
all fun but not all intuitive
understandable and get used to it easier than
could imagine
and can be as before completely
focus on what's happening and
plunge into the world of limbu summarize
pluses this is absolutely the same game on
which fapaet so many people now
third consecutive year and and and the transition to a new
platform just as it did not spoil the cons
well this is absolutely the same game nothing
No new locations have been added and
puzzles and it costs as much as 5 bucks
Well 4 dollars 99 cents to be exact
but let's not be greedy because it w
his mother limbo
today that's all if you liked
like and share with friends
of course subscribe
Nikolay Podgursky and Fedor were with you
see you soon